/* Game gist, You're an Uber driver with a magical secret. You read your tarot for the day.
 It say's "You will meet someone that can kill you or bring you great fortune"
 Do you want to drive tonight? Y/N
 
 If yes What is your magical secret, dont worry I wont tell aynyone. 
 A)Create fire - most powerfull attack , weak defense
 b)Create water - even defense and attac
 c)Manipulate earth - high defense, low attack 
 d)Make things invisible - high defense, no attack, can escape

 if no gameover
 
1)Do you want to prepare food before leaving, or just buy food once you're outside?
A) Prepare = Make some sandwiches, grabs some snacks, fill up your water bottle. Fill your gas tank before starting. keeps car when being chased. 
B) Eventually will get low on gas when being chased will lose car

2)Where do you want to  turn on the app and start your shift? 
( Goals is to get a long trip) Do Math.random and perecentage? if below .5 then short trip, 
a) Start where your car is parked. You have a 50/50 chance of getting a long or short trip with a small wait time. 50 percent chance
b) Start in a rich area where you most likely wait a while to get long distance trips. 75 percent chance
c) Start in a populated area where youre likely to get multiple short trips and make more money quicker 10 percent chance

3)If short trip: you pick up what looks like a couple with their two cute kids. Thankfully they all have mask.
"Hi, for Angel?"
The man says yes and loudly tells the two kids to hurry up getting in. You put the radio on. 103.5ktu cause its more kid friendly
Looking in the passenger window expecatantly he ask, "Can I sit in the front?" 
You tell him:
A) Sure, just keep the window open.- Once sitting he ask "Busy day?"
"Not really, but it's a beautiful day out here, hows your day going?"
He ends up coughing heavily , taking off his mask, saying man, "I cant breathe we these things on."
1)Do you tell him to put it on? yes/no
a)yes- You end up having a day of averegae trips, thinking of course the tarot was balogney, and up getting covid. 
B)No, Uber made a rule for covid that no one can sit in the front - he angrily sits in the back with a kid on his lap. 
His energy feels very off. But you can't pinpoint it, so you feel uneasy the whole ride. 
You end up having a productive day of average trips, but think the tarot was balogney

4)If long trip:
Looks like you got a long trip, says 1hr 33 mins. This is a great way to start your day! You happily drive to the pick up location. 
A women with a powerful aura gets into your car. She's dressed to the nines and her perfume is lovely. 
    "Hi, for Jema?"
   "Yes, Hi, how are you?" 
   "Good, good, and you? Any music you prefer?" 
   "No, play want you want."
   "Cool, I'm listening to the real catch me if you can guy tell his story." 
    She chuckles, "Ah, I saw that movie with Leonadrio Decaprio, sounds good!" 

You notice she radiates a strong magical aura and it's starting to make you feel uneasy. 
You wonder if your magic could fend her off is she tries to kill you, but quickly dismiss the thought. She was polite. 
Her phone rings, so you lower your podcast.

You hear her say, " Yes...no...I'm leaving...someone's after me?...How long?...Now that you mention it...I'll figure it out. Thank you! Bye!" 
You put your podcast back up to act like you werent listening, but you hear her sigh deeply. 

Suddenly time slows down immensly. You see as every objects looks like it was stuck in jello. 


So much */